README.md, before:

# Pickover Attractor

A sophisticated Rust application using macroquad to visualize Pickover attractors with multiple color channels, real-time parameter generation, and interactive controls. **Runs on both desktop and web browsers using WebAssembly!**

## Features

- **Multiple Color Modes**: RGB (independent channels), Monochrome (grayscale), and Correlated (related channels)
- **Real-time Parameter Generation**: Automatically generates interesting attractor parameters
- **Interactive Controls**: UI for switching color modes and adjusting correlated deviation
- **Performance Monitoring**: Real-time FPS and performance metrics
- **Window Resizing**: Handles dynamic window resizing
- **Automatic Reset**: Resets when attractors become saturated or stagnant
- **Cross-Platform**: Runs natively on desktop and in web browsers via WebAssembly

## Controls

- **Space**: Generate new attractor parameters
- **Q**: Quit the application (desktop only)
- **Slash (/)**: Toggle help display
- **Mouse**: Click and drag the correlated deviation slider (in correlated mode)

## Color Modes

### RGB Mode
- Each color channel (Red, Green, Blue) operates independently
- Each channel has its own attractor parameters
- Creates colorful, dynamic visualizations

### Monochrome Mode
- Only the red channel is active
- Creates grayscale visualizations
- Useful for studying the mathematical structure

### Correlated Mode
- All channels share base parameters with small deviations
- Adjustable deviation percentage (0-5%)
- Creates harmonious, related color patterns

## Technical Details

The application implements the Pickover attractor equations:
- `x' = sin(b*y) - c*sin(b*x)`
- `y' = sin(a*x) + d*cos(a*y)`

Where a, b, c, and d are parameters that determine the attractor's behavior.

## Building and Running

### Desktop Version

#### Prerequisites
- Rust and Cargo installed on your system

#### Build
```bash
cargo build
```

#### Run
```bash
cargo run
```

#### Release Build
```bash
cargo build --release
cargo run --release
```

### Web Version (WebAssembly)

#### Prerequisites
- Rust and Cargo
- `basic-http-server` (will be installed automatically by the build script)

#### Build and Run
```bash
# Build the WASM version
./build_macroquad_wasm.sh

# Run locally
basic-http-server .
# Then open http://localhost:4000 in your browser
```

#### Alternative using Python:
```bash
# After building with ./build_macroquad_wasm.sh
python3 -m http.server 4000
# Then open http://localhost:4000 in your browser
```

## Performance

The application is optimized for real-time visualization:
- Efficient pixel buffer management
- Change tracking to minimize texture updates
- Automatic performance monitoring and logging
- **WebAssembly provides near-native performance in browsers**

## Project Structure

```
pickover/
├── Cargo.toml
├── src/
│   └── main.rs          # Main application code (works for both desktop and web)
├── index.html           # Web interface
├── build_macroquad_wasm.sh  # WASM build script
└── README.md
```

## Dependencies

- `macroquad = "0.4"` - Cross-platform game framework for Rust (supports WASM)

## Browser Compatibility

- Chrome 57+
- Firefox 52+
- Safari 11+
- Edge 79+

## Deployment

### Desktop
- Build with `cargo build --release` and distribute the binary

### Web
- Run `./build_macroquad_wasm.sh` to generate the WASM file
- Deploy `index.html` and `pickover-attractor.wasm` to any static hosting service (GitHub Pages, Netlify, Vercel, etc.)

## License

This project is derived from the macroquad examples and follows the same licensing terms.

Commit message:

added MIT license and sped up testing of parameters

README.md, after:

# Pickover Attractor

A sophisticated Rust application using macroquad to visualize Pickover attractors with multiple color channels, real-time parameter generation, and interactive controls. **Runs on both desktop and web browsers using WebAssembly!**

## Features

- **Multiple Color Modes**: RGB (independent channels), Monochrome (grayscale), and Correlated (related channels)
- **Real-time Parameter Generation**: Automatically generates interesting attractor parameters
- **Interactive Controls**: UI for switching color modes and adjusting correlated deviation
- **Performance Monitoring**: Real-time FPS and performance metrics
- **Window Resizing**: Handles dynamic window resizing
- **Automatic Reset**: Resets when attractors become saturated or stagnant
- **Cross-Platform**: Runs natively on desktop and in web browsers via WebAssembly

## Controls

- **Space**: Generate new attractor parameters
- **Q**: Quit the application (desktop only)
- **Slash (/)**: Toggle help display
- **Mouse**: Click and drag the correlated deviation slider (in correlated mode)

## Color Modes

### RGB Mode
- Each color channel (Red, Green, Blue) operates independently
- Each channel has its own attractor parameters
- Creates colorful, dynamic visualizations

### Monochrome Mode
- Only the red channel is active
- Creates grayscale visualizations
- Useful for studying the mathematical structure

### Correlated Mode
- All channels share base parameters with small deviations
- Adjustable deviation percentage (0-5%)
- Creates harmonious, related color patterns

## Technical Details

The application implements the Pickover attractor equations:
- `x' = sin(b*y) - c*sin(b*x)`
- `y' = sin(a*x) + d*cos(a*y)`

Where a, b, c, and d are parameters that determine the attractor's behavior.

## Building and Running

### Desktop Version

#### Prerequisites
- Rust and Cargo installed on your system

#### Build
```bash
cargo build
```

#### Run
```bash
cargo run
```

#### Release Build
```bash
cargo build --release
cargo run --release
```

### Web Version (WebAssembly)

#### Prerequisites
- Rust and Cargo
- `basic-http-server` (will be installed automatically by the build script)

#### Build and Run
```bash
# Build the WASM version
./build_macroquad_wasm.sh

# Run locally
basic-http-server .
# Then open http://localhost:4000 in your browser
```

#### Alternative using Python:
```bash
# After building with ./build_macroquad_wasm.sh
python3 -m http.server 4000
# Then open http://localhost:4000 in your browser
```

## Performance

The application is optimized for real-time visualization:
- Efficient pixel buffer management
- Change tracking to minimize texture updates
- Automatic performance monitoring and logging
- **WebAssembly provides near-native performance in browsers**

## Project Structure

```
pickover/
├── Cargo.toml
├── src/
│   └── main.rs          # Main application code (works for both desktop and web)
├── index.html           # Web interface
├── build_macroquad_wasm.sh  # WASM build script
└── README.md
```

## Dependencies

- `macroquad = "0.4"` - Cross-platform game framework for Rust (supports WASM)

## Browser Compatibility

- Chrome 57+
- Firefox 52+
- Safari 11+
- Edge 79+

## Deployment

### Desktop
- Build with `cargo build --release` and distribute the binary

### Web
- Run `./build_macroquad_wasm.sh` to generate the WASM file
- Deploy `index.html` and `pickover-attractor.wasm` to any static hosting service (GitHub Pages, Netlify, Vercel, etc.)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Copyright (c) 2024 David Maynard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
